This is a simple plugin for the SiriProxy which can be found here:
https://github.com/plamoni/SiriProxy/

This allows the user to use siri to do a few simple commands which control the mac running the proxy.

Currently you can try...

"Open Google."
"Open Twitter." 
"Open LaunchPad." (Only for Lion users)
"Close LaunchPad." (Just the same as above, only done for wording reasons)
"Open Applications Folder."
"Open iTunes." (Only applicable if iTunes is located in the default /Applications/ directory.)
"Bake me a cake." (only for fun..)


iTunes Controls....
the following commands allow you to use siri to control your mac's iTunes.
However a script is needed which can be located here:
http://hints.macworld.com/article.php?story=20011108211802830

Once saved and put in the correct directory with permissions 0755 and the name 'itunes', you may use the following commands.

"Mac play." 
"Mac pause."
"Mac next song."
"Mac last song."
"Mac mute." (only mutes iTunes, not the system wide volume)
"Mac unmute."

That is currently all I added, it is very simple and quick to add more!

Enjoy!

Credit goes to plamoni and Applidium for all their work on the proxy and etc.

Licensing

Re-use of my code is fine under a Creative Commons 3.0 Non-commercial, Attribution, Share-Alike license.  You can use my code, modify it, do anything you want. Don't sell it and make sure to give credit where it's due. See the Creative Commons site for more information.

Disclaimer

I'm not affiliated with Apple in any way. They don't endorse this application. They own all the rights to Siri (and all associated trademarks).

This software is provided as-is with no warranty whatsoever. Apple could do things to block this kind of behavior if they want. Also, if you cause problems (by sending lots of trash to the Guzzoni servers or anything), I fully support Apple's right to ban your UDID (making your phone unable to use Siri). They can, and I wouldn't blame them if they do.

I'm a huge fan of Apple and the work that they do. Siri is a very cool feature and I'm pretty excited to explore it and add functionality. Please refrain from using this software for anything malicious.

Also, this is my first project done in Ruby. Please don't be too critical of my code.